how to earn hundreds and thousands of dollars
per month with the free app perfect
you see this before you
offer and to start earning
you just need to do
first download and install on computer
This application link you will find under
video
the second to keep open that is
running the application you can
visit sites connected to the application
such as for example if you like to be
social networks means here it is for you
go facebook google twitter google
which you will find all your mail
next you can go on youtube this
most common services and sites
which are daily users
Internet on this button you will find
service game service many games with
how can you choose these yourself
I will tell you the buttons in the following
video is all services connected then
services of the company itself perfect internet
here is also news that you can
adjust total weight mass
opportunities if that doesn't suit you
you can just open your
favorite browser's chrome I have
may be different and
work yourself as you used to
in no case do not close itself
the application that is, do not click on
do not cross this arrow
you turn your down and see
here are constantly flashing tsiferki change
that is, how this application works
every current of every hour that you
spend with an open application to you
here the cash factor is charged which
then translates
appcache point at the end of the month now
let's calculate what you can
to earn
keeping just so open this application
let's say you invited 10 people
they, in turn, were invited, too, by 10
man and your structure turned out that
man each of them spends with
open application 1 hour that is you
get 1 dollar an hour just like that
that you have it openly
that is, besides being yourself
here you earn every factor and your
all invited to you will also be
bring in one hour only one factor
What is the cash factor for today ?
day the company defined it as one
cent but how do you know that users have
we spend more than one hour on the Internet
day, and 35, and so many more that
there is a corresponding look multiply
this one dollar on the number of hours
also get $ 35 a day, take
at least multiply by 30 days
total we get from 90 to 150 dollars in
month
just for having people
your invitees to keep this app
open and so repeat that you
need to make links you get here on
such a page where you must first
account goes here
advertise here you see what already
four hundred forty thousand users
use this application
have you register registration
simple
enter your name choose your last name
country
choose the country from which you enter
your address coming up with a password
agree that you are over 14 and
be sure to put it in the checkbox
tick that you agree with everyone
conditions and push the big button
register further after you
register and confirm your
e-mail that will come to your email
then again you come here and
download the free application all on
this your work is done after
downloading you will appear on your on
the desktop here is such a know icon
perfect internet clicking on which you are on
In general, you will open it
the application is still repeated means if you
do not want to use all services
which are connected to this application
then you just open it up
its open once an hour can
switch this one
booking.com
mattress per hour switch between
buttons
not everything here you opened and here it works
here and the counter counts open your
favorite browser and work like you
accustomed to the very mode that you
you most comfortable is very important and
invite and build your structure you
can only until the end of February
built into the structure during this period you
create yourself a passive source of income
on all
with
Gave all life remember this is not
another pyramid is officially
registered company and she came
Internet for a long time
successfully developed over two years
or specifically about this company I tell you
make a separate video
to register
download the application to your computer
set enable and keep open
continue sharing this video with your
friends and invite as much as possible
friends enjoy this gorgeous
money making opportunity
considering you don’t invest
penny your efforts your work is
only as big as possible
tell about this application
all the best with you was marina
Vlasov inspect all the videos I tell you
I'll tell you more about each service
which is connected to this
free application from the company
perfect internet is still a tip
also register on the main
Perfect Internet Company Website
link you will find under the video and after
registrations will be available to you
many free services
provided by the company about them in
next video